Document TOS approval workflow (#12)
Quansight/open-gpu-server: README.md

## Access

The main intent of this service is to provide GPU CI to those conda-forge feedstocks that require it. To do so:

- **Feedstocks** must have access to the service. Refer to the [`conda-forge/admin-requests`](https://github.com/conda-forge/admin-requests) README.

> - **Maintainers** must have read and agreed to the [Terms of Service](./TOS.md). Your username must be listed in [`access/conda-forge-users.json`](./access/conda-forge-users.json). Please open a PR to add yourself to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Maintainers** you must read and agree to the [Terms of Service](./TOS.md). Your username must be listed in [`access/conda-forge-users.json`](./access/conda-forge-users.json). Please open a PR to add yourself to the list.
```
